Dart - is a full object oriented programming language
support - classes,object,inheritance,polymophism,interface and abstraction

class: blueprint of the object | object constructors.
can contain fields,function,constructors etc

An object: 
is a variable or instance of the class used to access the class's properties.

interfaces:  you can say as blueprint of the class.
we declare methods or variables inside the interface just like the class but in interface only abstract declaration of the methods is provided.
It is basically used for data hiding.


Abstract class:  a class that contain one or more abstract method.
declared with 'abstract' keyword.

this keyword:
used to refer the current class object. It indicates the current instance of the class,method, or constructor.

It eliminate the uncertainty btn class attributes and the parameter names are the same.


types of variables in dart:
1. Local variables - defined in the methods, constructors or blocks.
2. Class variable - known as the static variable
3. instance variable - are known as non static , declared with out static keyword.

Super kerword:
 is used to denote the instant parent class object of the current child class.
 is used to invoke superclass methods, superclass constructor in its child class.
 main objective is to remove the confusion between parent class and subclass with the same method name.


Inheritance:
- process of deriving the prperties and characteristics of another class.
- we can create another class from an existing class.
- enhance reuse of behaviour and properties of the privious class.

Parent class | superclass | base class
Child class | derived class | sub class 

Types of inheritance:
- single inheritance - {one parent one child}
- Multiple inheritance - { }
- Multilevel inheritance - { child class is inherited by another child or creates the chaining of inheritance.}
- hierarchical inheritance  - { two or more classes inherit a single class eg one base class with two child both inherit from base class}
 
